draft for infra VM (#19447)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/vulnerability-management/overview.mdx

---
title: Get started with Security RX 

> metaDescription: Use Security RX to overcome blindspots and remediate vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: Use Security RX to identify blindspots and remediate vulnerabilities.
```

<figcaption>
  <DNT>
    **[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Security RX**
  </DNT>
</figcaption>

With Security RX, you get:

> * Birds-eye view of overall vulnerabilities, including the ones that are detected by New Relic platform and our integration partners such as FOSSA, AWS Security hub, Trivy, Snyk, Dependabot, and others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Birds-eye view of overall vulnerabilities, including the ones that are detected by the New Relic platform and our integration partners such as FOSSA, AWS Security hub, Trivy, Snyk, Dependabot, and others.
```

> * Run time visibility of vulnerabilities that your applications or infrastructure may experience (helping you validate if a security patch has been deployed successfully!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run-time visibility of vulnerabilities that your applications or infrastructure may experience (helping you validate whether a security patch has been deployed successfully!)
```

> * Prioritisation feature that helps you assess and address the vulnerabilities those are urgent or matter the most.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prioritisation feature that helps you assess and address the urgent or important vulnerabilities.
```

* Triaging and remediation support.

> Thus, you can overcome security blindspots across your entire software application and its associated infrastructure without reducing your team’s efficiency and without getting overwhelmed by the thousands and thousands of vulnerabilities that your teams may encounter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, you can overcome security blindspots across your entire software application and its associated infrastructure without reducing your team’s efficiency and without getting overwhelmed by the 
number of vulnerabilities that your teams may encounter.
```

[Visit one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/vulnerability-management) to get started today.

## View security insights for developers, security teams, and architects

<Tabs>
  <TabsBar>
    <TabsBarItem id="developer-insights">Insights for developers</TabsBarItem>
    <TabsBarItem id="security-dev-insights">Insights for security teams or engineers</TabsBarItem>
  </TabsBar>

  <TabsPages>
    <TabsPageItem id="developer-insights">
As a developer, you want to:

        * Maintain a healthy application

>         * Identify the most urgent vulnerabilities in my software portfolio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Identify the most urgent vulnerabilities in your software portfolio
```

        * Understand the severity of vulnerabilities

>         * Surface "security" tasks from my security team in my daily workflow so it's easy to deliver more secure software with less toil

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Surface "security" tasks from the security team in your daily workflow so it's easy to deliver more secure software with less toil
```

To dive deeper into these use cases, see [Manage vulnerabilities as a developer](/docs/vulnerability-management/dev-workflow/).
    </TabsPageItem>
    <TabsPageItem id="security-dev-insights">
As a member of a security team, you want to:

>         * Calculate the vulnerability surface area of my software systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Calculate the vulnerability surface area of your software systems
```
